Create Mindful-Datastore.md (#371)
cyclr/docs: pages/connector-authentication/Mindful-Datastore.md

---
title: Mindful Datastore Authentication
sidebar: cyclr_sidebar
permalink: mindful-datastore-connector
tags: [connector]

---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Mindful Datastore setup

To set up the Mindful Datastore connector to use in Cyclr, you need to get your API key. If you need more information, contact the Mindful support team.

```

## Cyclr setup

To set up the Mindful Datastore connector in Cyclr:

1. Go to your **Cyclr Console**.

2. Select **Connectors** > **Application Connector Library** at the top of the page.

3. Use the search box to find the **Mindful Datastore** connector.

4. Select the **Setup Required** icon.

5. Enter the your **API Key**. 

6. Select **Save Changes**.

> ## Additional Information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional information
```

The **Upsert Data Set** method allows you to send a `data_values` object with the request. This object can contain any number of key and value pairs. To send a key and value pair:

1. Go to the **Edit Connector** page for the Mindful Dataset connector.
2. Under the **Methods & Fields** heading, find and select the **Upsert Data Set** method.
3. Next to the **Request Fields** heading, select the red plus button.

> 4. In the **Field Location** box, enter `data_values.` followed by the required key name. For example: `data_values.key1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Field Location** box, enter `data_values.{required key name}`. For example, `data_values.key1`.
```

5. Enter a suitable **Display Name** for this field.

> 6. Provide a **Description** for this field if you wish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Provide a **Description** for the field if you want to.
```
